¹ 155

derce datter vitineas mutire uptom,avaii, thoagio
ruthing mitt ull tieirfury against the resounding
chield oi Pallas? At one part stood tho eager vul:
can, at another the matron Juno, and he witois
never desirous to lay asida his bow from his shoul-
ders, Apollo, tite (iod oi Delos and Patara, who
bathes his flowing hain in the pure water of Casta·
lia, and possm the grovcs os Lycia and itin na·
tivo wood. force, void oi conduct, salis by its own
weight 3 marcoventhe Gods promote discreet force
to further advantage3 but tite same beittgt detest
forces that meditate cuery kind of impiety. The
hundred-handed Gyges is an evidence os tiejuct·
neno of my sentimeno, andOrion,·the temptet oi
the spotlessDiann, desitoyed byauirgin dart. The
earth, heaped over‘hcu own munstero, griavcs and
laments her otispting' sent to dismal hell byathun·
derbolt3 non docs the active fite consume, AEtna
that is placed over it, nor doct the vulture desert
the livet oi incontinent Tityus, being stationed
there as an avenger oi his basenens, und thrcc
hundred chains confine the *amorous Pirithoo.

”Fet being Pinto'n riuti.

 

